nice bath right here off the buzz bait
it's a nice one be he smacked me right
over there at that Bernie pastic overly
nice fish on a hat cam Busby Vassar
there we go down there baby oh me oh you
have got to be kidding that's a nice one
nice fish right here about three pounder
came off of the cavitron worth of doubts
Russia shad buzz me about a 3-pound a
nice fish nice
Frank let me get that this your original
buzzbait your original buzzbait the
length will go about two right here it
go a little bit away from that hook what
you want to do you want to take all the
strands you wanna cut you want to cut it
that way it can be right behind the
other hook and that trip will be exposed
so instead of getting skirt plus treble
hook it'll get all treble hook and you
know you have a better chance of looking
at fish nice fish on the buzz bait
cavitron watch the thoughts that's the
way I say alright guys this is buzz bit
that I caught that nice about 45 pound
founder off nice fish right here this
decapitron or without screw Shh at go
play with me all I'm gonna do is talk a
little bit about where to throw it and
how to rig it up so you can look like
this in case I'm nice best I look all
right guys I want to start off on work
though this buzz bait you really went
through this buzz bait and brush areas
areas like weeds on trees that might be
coming up that you can see what you put
on sunglasses I like donuts on rocks i
love talking around rocks especially
when you're parallel in the rocks it
leaves a nice little bubble chair up
right beside the rocks and then the way
that comes off at hits the rocks and
they can easily find this bait and
another cheap thing when you're fishing
the rocks that's baked fish only has a
long way to go so for basses coming from
this way and the rocks are this way they
can't go this way they can all go a
little bit towards this way they have an
easier chance of getting your whole
painting their mouth I love throwing
this busby limbs oops upstanding limbs
ones that you might see in the water a
lot of times usually when you pass that
limit now hit it a little feet away the
lady 0 or 0 in the trees with a little
bit shady I love Dominic right past
overhanging trees get my rod in my rod
and reel position
so can go right underneath those limbs
and catch the big fish alright guys i
just want to show you how to rig it so
you get some nice big fish on this this
the pearl right here with a goal blade
and oh dude sorry this right here is the
Eagle Claw treble hook I love these
troubles I know a lot of people love
must at and a lot of people of diamond
got you these show looks right here are
the best value can buy for your money
comes a little rubber stop now this how
you ring it you don't shove this big I
home in here and get like that because
once you put it on your hook you can
only stay in that one position it won't
be able to move freely with that face
jumpin up what you want to do you want
to take the Eagle Claw hook and has a
big opening right here and what all you
want to do get your base spread out and
just put it on there and the opening and
take your red stopper and you just shove
your wrist up on me
I show it on just like that make sure
it's straight with that red hook and
then that way when is coming across
cover and a fish just short strikes it
they'll get that whole big